it's the first time a protest of this
kind is being held in Northern Israel
under heavy police presence though the
organizers have been trying to get this
to happen for weeks they had to appeal
to the Supreme Court because the police
kept saying no so it's the first time
that you have Israeli Jews and
Palestinian Israelis protesting together
this is a mixed City now on stage you
have uh a son he lost both his parents
in the attack of October the 7th and his
message is that the war needs to end and
there needs to be peace Revenge
will just make the cycle of blood hate
fear to continue and we must stop we
must St this cycle and I'm calling all
the words especially if people in the
Arab world common people like myself or
the Arab leaders support us support us
with
reconciliation police arrested one man
and then there's been a bit of push and
shoving now between the police and the
protesters this has been a very peaceful
protest but the protesters here
certainly saying that the police have
been inherent in stopping these protests
the police being run these days by the
ring Minister itan Ben since the
beginning of the war any kind of
peaceful lawful protest voice against
the war has been meant with uh extreme
repression by the Israeli far-right
government and by the
police I think the war in Gaza will end
one day and a new war will start between
us Arabs and inside Israel and I hope
somehow we can deal with this
confrontation I think we will face many
difficulties in the
future the police only gave the
protesters 2 hours they didn't allow
them to protest in the evening they said
only during the day when it's harder for
people to get here on the Saturday
without public transport a lot of
restrictions only in this small square
they wanted to March as protesters
saying that the fact that they went to
the Supreme Court who allow this to
happen even if such restrictions only
700 people allowed to be here that that
is a victory
Stephanie make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer